
                          AVICPS 2013

                  The 4th Analytic Virtual 
        Integration of Cyber-Physical Systems Workshop

             Vancouver, Canada, December 3, 2013. 
                  (Co-located with RTSS 2013)
      
           *** Paper Submission: October 11 (extended) ***

                       CALL FOR PAPERS

The Analytic Virtual Integration Cyber-Physical Systems (AVICPS)
workshop focuses on analytic techniques that enable the early
discovery of faults in CPS before the system is integrated or its
parts are built. Such an approach is known as analytic virtual
integration. The objective is to discover and resolve problems early
during the design and implementation phases where cost impact is low.

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:
   * A quantitative and early analysis of end-to-end system 
     architecture performance that incorporates realistic hardware 
     details (e.g. multi-core, memory architectures, I/O, 
     network-on-chip, etc.) and workloads (e.g. video streams, 
     weather data, GPS, critical messages, etc.)
   * Fault tolerance technologies for handling the combination 
     of faults in computing and communication hardware and software 
	 and physical system disturbances.
   * Safety analysis such as model checking for mixed criticality 
     CPS applications (e.g., flight management systems and safe 
     interoperability of medical devices).
   * System level optimization technologies that support the 
     combinatorial optimization of task scheduling and allocation, 
     I/O, and network traffic routing.
   * Security protocol development and verification techniques for 
     CPS applications.
   * Modeling, simulation, and verification techniques for virtual 
     integration.
   * Models for describing or quantifying the environment that 
     systems must operate in.
   * Quantitative measurements of the advantages of virtual 
     integration.
   * Formal methods for defining and reasoning about internal and
     external interfaces of the system and its parts.
   * Cross-domain compositional theories and technologies for CPS.


SUBMISSION

The AVICPS workshop welcomes original contributions on
theoretical foundation, tools, and evaluations.  Of particular 
interest are case studies on challenges of expressing properties 
of systems in terms of their components and the architecture 
that governs their interactions. Both solutions and open problems 
are welcome.

Researchers and practitioners are encouraged to submit two types 
of papers:

    * Research papers that present novel ideas, mature tools, 
      results, and advancement of the state-of-the-art.
    * Position papers that describe ongoing work, less
      mature work, or new research directions. 

Submissions should be no more than 8 pages (for research
papers) and 4 pages (for position papers) in two-column format. 
Templates and author guidelines are available for LaTeX and 
Microsoft Word. All figures and references must fit within the 
specified page limits. 


PUBLICATION

Authors of accepted papers may choose one of the following 
alternatives.

    * To include their paper in formal electronic proceedings 
      published by LiU Electronic Press. The proceedings are 
      given both ISBN and ISSN numbers. Authors retain the 
      copyright of their work.
    * To not include it in the proceedings, thus make it possible 
      to refine and submit the work elsewhere. Only a title and a 
      short abstract of the paper will be available in the 
      proceedings. An informal copy of the accepted paper will 
      be available on the AVICPS website.

Regardless of the author's choice of dissemination, the reviewing 
process and the presentation time at the workshop will be the same. 
For all accepted papers, at least one of the authors must register 
and present the paper at the workshop.


IMPORTANT DATES

Paper Submission: Oct. 11 (extended)
Author Notification: Oct. 30, 2013
Camera Ready: Nov. 10, 2013
AVICPS Workshop: Dec. 3, 2013


WORKSHOP ORGANIZATION

Program Co-Chairs
* David Broman. UC Berkeley, USA, and Linkoping University, Sweden
* Gabor Karsai. Vanderbilt University, USA 

Program Committee
Manfred Broy, Technical University Munich, Germany 
Eric Feron, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA 
Peter Fritzson,  Linkoping University, Sweden 
Jerome Hugues, ISAE, France 
Mirko Jakovljevic, TTTech, Austria
Russell Kegley, Lockheed Martin, USA
Doo-Hyun Kim, Konkuk University, South Korea
Henrik Nilsson, University of Nottingham, UK
Roman Obermaisser, University of Siegen, Germany
Jim Paunicka, Boeing, USA 
Andre Platzer, Carnegie Mellon, USA
Linh Thi Xuan Phan, University of Pennsylvania, USA 
Franz Rammig, Univerity of Paderborn, Germany
Walid Taha, Halmstad University, Sweden
Stavros Tripakis, University of California, Berkeley, USA
Shige Wang, GM Research, USA
Michael Whalen, University of Minnesota, USA
Dirk Zimmer, DLR Oberpfaffenhofen, Germany


For further information, including submission guidelines, see the
AVICPS Workshop website: http://www.analyticintegration.org/










